hello youtube this blogger wing here
right now it is actually 103 and I got
bored so i'm going to do a really quick
review on my santa cruz mahouka rasta
board i got this at sprockets and porter
Texas for a hundred and fifty dollars on
sale this is a nice nice board actually
it's dirty because I wrote it in the
rain so this dirt so excuse that it is
about forty three point four inches long
with a bullet trucks and road Ripper
cruiser wheels with amex yeah yeah abec
seven bearings wait actually no I'm
sorry these are road rider trucks really
nice um we also have the same thing down
there um got the nice traditional rasta
design with the Santa Cruz skateboards
in boom right there on and cool thing I
like about it is that it has a bottle
opener on the bottom of the board in the
deck see it screwed right in there so
you just stick a bottle and pop it um
gonna turn around go to the griptape
side um same thing traditional rasta
coloring with the Santa Cruz emblem
right there and it has the spray-on grip
tape so it's really really really grippy
ready to ride and everything but overall
I've had it for a day and I already love
this board so um yeah actually just to
test it out I'll do one push like one
little push and all my see if I can make
it from one side of my house together
actually kind of freaked out cuz there's
robberies in my anyways it's okay Callie
alright so one push see if we make it
over there and with speed to spend to at
least double if not triple that distance
which is a good look at fifty fifty
yards yeah with one small push too so um
yeah that was my quick review of the
Santa Cruz muhaha rasta longboard um
comment rate subscribe